c:\users\nayden\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppQR\AppQR\AppQR\bin\Debug\AppQR.dll
c:\users\nayden\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppQR\AppQR\AppQR\bin\Debug\AppQR.pdb
c:\users\nayden\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppQR\AppQR\AppQR\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\nayden\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppQR\AppQR\AppQR\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\nayden\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppQR\AppQR\AppQR\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\nayden\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppQR\AppQR\AppQR\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\nayden\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppQR\AppQR\AppQR\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\nayden\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppQR\AppQR\AppQR\obj\Debug\AppQR.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\nayden\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppQR\AppQR\AppQR\obj\Debug\AppQR.App.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\nayden\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppQR\AppQR\AppQR\obj\Debug\AppQR.dll
c:\users\nayden\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppQR\AppQR\AppQR\obj\Debug\AppQR.pdb
c:\users\nayden\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppQR\AppQR\AppQR\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\nayden\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppQR\AppQR\AppQR\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\nayden\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppQR\AppQR\AppQR\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\nayden\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppQR\AppQR\AppQR\obj\Debug\AppQR.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\nayden\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AppQR\AppQR\AppQR\bin\Debug\ZXing.Net.Mobile.Core.dll
C:\Users\nayden\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AppQR\AppQR\AppQR\bin\Debug\ZXing.Net.Mobile.Forms.dll
C:\Users\nayden\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AppQR\AppQR\AppQR\bin\Debug\zxing.portable.dll
C:\Users\nayden\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AppQR\AppQR\AppQR\bin\Debug\ZXingNetMobile.dll
C:\Users\nayden\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppQR\AppQR\AppQR\obj\Debug\AppQR.dll.mdb
C:\Users\nayden\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppQR\AppQR\AppQR\bin\Debug\AppQR.dll.mdb
